Scalable entities (#3986)
MCreator/MCreator: plugins/mcreator-localization/help/default/entity/bounding_box_scale.md

> This feature allows you to control the size your entities hitbox.
> 
> To scale entities in-game appearance, use the Model visual scale parameter.

Reviewer: Этот параметр задаёт масштаб рамки-границы Вашей сущности.

Не влияет на визуальный масштаб данной сущности.
```suggestion
This feature allows you to control the size of your entity's collision box.

To scale entities in-game appearance, use the "Model visual scale" parameter.
```
